# 2024-04-20: Conversion of Wiki to Jekyll - Start Conversion of Remaining Classic Pages

## Summary

I started the conversion of the Classic Google Sites pages in the _Procedures_ group. I encountered several bugs introduced by previous changes to the conversion script.

## Table of Contents

* [Issues](#issues)
  * [100: Incorrect URLs generated for Sub-Pages](#100-incorrect-urls-generated-for-sub-pages)
  * [101: Unable to locate image file with '%20' in name](#101-unable-to-locate-image-file-with-20-in-name)
  * [102: File Names have adjacent path separators](#102-file-names-have-adjacent-path-separators)
  * [103: Missing Images](#103-missing-images)

## Issues

### 100: Incorrect URLs generated for Sub-Pages

Issue [#100](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/100) was raised for pages that had sub-pages menu entries like:

```yaml
sub-pages-title: 'Miscellaneous Procedures'
sub-pages:
- title: 'Convert XEN HVM to PV'
  url: home/procedures/home/procedures/miscellaneous/convert-xen-hvm-to-pv.html
```

This should be:

```yaml
sub-pages-title: 'Miscellaneous Procedures'
sub-pages:
- title: 'Convert XEN HVM to PV'
  url: home/procedures/miscellaneous/convert-xen-hvm-to-pv.html
```

The remediation is:

```bash
for f in $(grep -l 'home/procedures/home/procedures/' *.html)
  do sed -i -e 's!home/procedures/home/procedures/!home/procedures/!' $f
done
```

### 101: Unable to locate image file with '%20' in name

This issue ([#101](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/101)) was raised for file names like `/home/douglas/git-repositories/dfhawthorne.github.io/docs//home/procedures/install-oracle-rdbms/install-oracle-rdbms-11-2-0-1-0-with-grid-infrastructure/Screenshot-Oracle%20Database%2011g%20Release%202%20Installer%20-%20Installing%20database%20-%20Step%201%20of%209.png`.

The conversion script, `scripts/convert_web_page.py`, has been updated with the addition of `.replace('%20',' ')` to file name generation.

This issue is now closed.

### 102: File Names have adjacent path separators

This issue ([#102](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/102)) was raised for file names like `/home/douglas/git-repositories/dfhawthorne.github.io/docs//home/procedures/install-oracle-rdbms/install-oracle-rdbms-11-2-0-1-0-with-grid-infrastructure/Screenshot-Oracle%20Database%2011g%20Release%202%20Installer%20-%20Installing%20database%20-%20Step%201%20of%209.png`.

The conversion script, `script/convert_web_page.py`, has been updated to check if a path name piece is prefixed with the path separator before deciding to prepend the path separator.

This issue is now closed.

### 103: Missing Images

This issue ([#103](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/103)) was raised for missing images for `install-oracle-rdbms-11-2-0-1-0-with-grid-infrastructure.html`. The problem was caused by the truncated path names. I fixed this problem manually. See issue for full details.
