# 2024-03-04: Conversion of Wiki to Jekyll - Start of 11G OCM Conversion

## Summary

The conversion of 11G OCM Wiki pages to Jekyll format has started as V2R2. I have completed the first tranche of conversions. Two (2) issues were detected during this conversion.

## Table of Contents

* [Issues](#issues)
  * [11: Site Map not working correctly](#11-site-map-not-working-correctly)
  * [36: Convert 11G OCM Wiki Pages to Jekyll Format](#36-convert-11g-ocm-wiki-pages-to-jekyll-format)
  * [37: Update Site Map for 11G OCE RAC and 11G OCM Wiki Pages](#37-update-site-map-for-11g-oce-rac-and-11g-ocm-wiki-pages)
  * [38: Converted 11G OCM Wiki Page Only Showing a Single Level TOC](#38-converted-11g-ocm-wiki-page-only-showing-a-single-level-toc)
  * [39: Empty 11G OCM Wiki Pages Found](#39-empty-11g-ocm-wiki-pages-found)
  * [40: Link is javascript:void(0)](#40-link-is-javascriptvoid0)
  * [41: Web Page Width is Too Wide on Reduction](#41-web-page-width-is-too-wide-on-reduction)
  * [42: Incorrect Journal Link Found](#42-incorrect-journal-link-found)

## Issues

### 11: Site Map not working correctly

Google Search has now achnowledged that there are 137 pages to be indexed. The current status is _Discovered – currently not indexed_. The explanation of this status is:

> The page was found by Google, but not crawled yet. Typically, Google wanted to crawl the URL but this was expected to overload the site; therefore Google rescheduled the crawl. This is why the last crawl date is empty on the report.

Issue [11](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/11) remains in the _waiting_ state.

### 36: Convert 11G OCM Wiki Pages to Jekyll Format

Issue [36](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/36) (_Convert 11G OCM Wiki Pages to Jekyll Format_) to cover the general conversion tasks.

Wrote a script, `scripts/validate_issue_36.sh`, to validate conversion of web pages. The failures are listed as:

* `docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-performance-management/GC.png.html`
* `docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-performance-management/11g-ocm-set-up-and-configure-resource-manager/ASH_report_1327656054538.html?attredirects=0&d=1.html`
* `docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-performance-management/11g-ocm-replay-a-captured-workload/workload_report_1329885258683.html?attredirects=0&d=1.html`
* `docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-performance-management/11g-ocm-replay-a-captured-workload/workload_report_1329872485962.html?attredirects=0&d=1.html`

The actual conversion was done through a script, `scripts/convert_issue_36.sh`. The failures were:

```text
/home/douglas/git-repositories/dfhawthorne.github.io/docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-performance-management/GC.png.html
/home/douglas/git-repositories/dfhawthorne.github.io/docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-performance-management/GC.png.html is a New Google Sites page
Failed
/home/douglas/git-repositories/dfhawthorne.github.io/docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-performance-management/11g-ocm-set-up-and-configure-resource-manager/ASH_report_1327656054538.html?attredirects=0&d=1.html
Unable to find the table containing the main content
Failed
/home/douglas/git-repositories/dfhawthorne.github.io/docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-performance-management/11g-ocm-replay-a-captured-workload/workload_report_1329885258683.html?attredirects=0&d=1.html
Unable to find the table containing the main content
Failed
/home/douglas/git-repositories/dfhawthorne.github.io/docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-performance-management/11g-ocm-replay-a-captured-workload/workload_report_1329872485962.html?attredirects=0&d=1.html
Unable to find the table containing the main content
Failed
```

Five (5) issues were raised during the first conversion attempt:

1. [38: Converted 11G OCM Wiki Page Only Showing a Single Level TOC](#38-converted-11g-ocm-wiki-page-only-showing-a-single-level-toc)
1. [39: Empty 11G OCM Wiki Pages Found](#39-empty-11g-ocm-wiki-pages-found)
1. [40: Link is javascript:void(0)](#40-link-is-javascriptvoid0)
1. [41: Web Page Width is Too Wide on Reduction](#41-web-page-width-is-too-wide-on-reduction)
1. [42: Incorrect Journal Link Found](#42-incorrect-journal-link-found)

### 37: Update Site Map for 11G OCE RAC and 11G OCM Wiki Pages

Issue [37](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/37) (_Update Site Map for 11G OCE RAC and 11G OCM Wiki Pages_) was raised to remind me to update the site map and deploy it to Google Search.

### 38: Converted 11G OCM Wiki Page Only Showing a Single Level TOC

Issue [38](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/38) (_Converted 11G OCM Wiki Page Only Showing a Single Level TOC_) was raised because conversion of `docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-data-and-data-warehouse-management/11g-ocm-configure-a-schema-to-support-a-star-transformation-query.html` only shows a single level TOC whereas the original version has two (2) levels.

### 39: Empty 11G OCM Wiki Pages Found

Issue [39](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/39) (_Empty 11G OCM Wiki Pages Found_) was raised because `docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-data-guard/11g-ocm-convert-the-standby-to-a-snapshot-standby.html` is not a sub-pages menu page and there is no other displayable content.

A decision needs to made with respective to this type of web pages.

### 40: Link is javascript:void(0)

Issue [40](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/40) (_Link is javascript:void(0)_) was raised as web page, `docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-system-builds/bankstown/01-creation-with-asm-storage.html`, has a link to _Using Raw Logical
  Volumes on Linux_ as '`javascript:home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-system-builds/bankstown/void(0);.html`'.

### 41: Web Page Width is Too Wide on Reduction

Issue [41](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/41) (_Web Page Width is Too Wide on Reduction_) was raised for when a web page is set a width less than 100%, the content is not resized to match, but has a horizontal ovreflow.

Not all pages are affected. A sample page is `docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-system-builds/bankstown/03-upgrade-to-em-agent-10-2-0-5-0.html`. The issue seems to be caused by widgets that are wider than the screen. Such a widget would be for `PRE` tags.

### 42: Incorrect Journal Link Found

Issue [42](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/42) (_Incorrect Journal Link Found_) was raised for web page, `docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-system-builds/data-guard/01-copy-wallet-to-padstow.html`, points to itself in right hand journal link.
