# 2024-01-29: Updated Index Page

## Summary

I have completed the first draft of the home page. Several enhancements remain to be done.

## Table of Contents

* [Index and Home Pages](#index-and-home-pages)
* [Enhancements to Page Header](#enhancements-to-page-header)
* [Enhancements to Side Navigation Bar](#enhancements-to-side-navigation-bar)
* [Enhancements to Home Page Layout](#enhancements-to-home-page-layout)
* [Content Styling](#content-styling)

## Index and Home Pages

The `docs/index.html` page should re-direct to `docs/home.html`. I am having difficulty effecting this in Jekyll. Currently, both pages are duplicates. Issue [16](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/16) has been raised for this enhancenment.

I had hand-edited these two (2) pages to conform to the Jekyll format. At the same time, I added more detail to these pages.

## Enhancements to Page Header

The template, `docs/_includes/head.html`, has been enhanced to:

1. Set the view port to 100% of width and a zoom level of 100%.
1. Added a standard set of keywords. Issue [17](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/17) has been raised to have each page to have its own set of keywords. The standard set of keywords is:

   * Oracle RDBMS
   * OCM 10G
   * OCM 11G
   * OCM 12C
   * Oracle Certified Master
   * Wiki
   * DB Knowledge
   * Book Reviews
   * DB Procedures
   * DB Issues

1. Added a description for the Wiki.
1. Identified myself as the author.
1. Blamed Jekyll as the site generator.
1. Varied the base URL for the site depending whether the site is running from my PC ("development") or from GitHub ("production").

## Enhancements to Side Navigation Bar

The template, `docs/_includes/head.html`, has been updated to have:

1. An set order of high level pages mirroring that of the classic Google Sites. These links are hard-coded:

   * Home
   * Announcements
   * Book Reviews
   * Files
   * OCM Questions and Answers

1. A sub menu for pages under `home`. These links are generated from the data in `docs/_data/side_nav.yml` which is created using `scripts/build_nav_data.py`.

There are several enhancements needed:

1. Expandable sub-menus
1. Sub-menus deeper than one (1) level

The CSS from `docs/_sass/_side_nav.scss` has been changed to more closely match that of the classic Google sites.

## Enhancements to Home Page Layout

The home layout, `docs/_layouts/home.html`, has the following modifications:

1. Added English as the language of the web page
1. Added a title bar under the site name. The formatting is done through the class, `page-title`, whose CSS is in `docs/_sass/_page_title.scss`.

## Content Styling

The CSS for the page content, `docs/_sass/_content`, has been been updated to remove absolute positioning within the page grid.
