# 2024-02-27: Conversion of Wiki to Jekyll - V2R0 Completed

## Summary

Release, `V2R0`, is now ready for merging into the main branch. All outstanding issues for the `V2R0` milestone have been resolved.

## Table of Contents

* [Issues](#issues)
  * [11: Site Map not working correctly](#11-site-map-not-working-correctly)
  * [27: Sub-pages Widget Mistakenly Parsed as TOC](#27-sub-pages-widget-mistakenly-parsed-as-toc)
  * [28: Indentation for 10G Miscellaneous is Incorrect](#28-indentation-for-10g-miscellaneous-is-incorrect)
  * [29: Breadcrumbs have One Too Many Levels](#29-breadcrumbs-have-one-too-many-levels)

## Issues

### 11: Site Map not working correctly

Issue [11](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/11) has been updated.

The sitemap is now only generated for converted Wiki pages.

### 27: Sub-pages Widget Mistakenly Parsed as TOC

Issue [27](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/27) has been resolved.

I moved the TOC extraction code to after the sub-pages widget code in the conversion script, `scripts/convert_web_page.py`.

I explicitly walked through the children of the main content until I find the sub-pages widget at either the current level or one (1) level lower. If such a widget is found, I continue to walk through the children until I found other displayable content. If such content is found, no conversion of the widget is done.

### 28: Indentation for 10G Miscellaneous is Incorrect

Issue [28](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/28) has been resolved.

The conversion script, `scripts/convert_web_pages.py`, and the include HTML file, `docs/_includes/sub_pages.html`, updated to handle two (2) levels of sub-pages.

`docs/home/10g-ocm/10g-system-builds/miscellaneous.html` updated manually.

### 29: Breadcrumbs have One Too Many Levels

Issue [29](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/29) has been resolved.

`docs/_includes/breadcrumbs.html` has been updated to remove the current page URL from the breadcrumbs.
