# 2024-05-17: Add EXAM Topics - Script Name

## Summary

My script names follow the format of a verb followed by a noun or a noun phase. Based on the musings below, I have chosen `create_wiki_skel_for_exam.py` as the script name.

## Table of Contents

* [Verb](#verb)
* [Noun or Noun Phrase](#noun-or-noun-phrase)
* [Chosen Script Name](#chosen-script-name)

## Verb

The verbs that I have used at least five (5) times in the past for python (`.py`) and shell (`.sh`) scripts (including Jinja2 templates (`.j2`)) are found through:

```bash
find ~/git-repositories \
    -regextype posix-extended \
    -type d -name '_site' -prune -false -o \
    -type f -regex '.*\.(sh|py)(\.j2)?' -print0 | \
    xargs --null -I@ basename '@' | \
    sed -nre 's!([^-_. ]+).*!\1!p' | \
    sort | \
    uniq -c | \
    awk '$1 > 4 {print $2, $1}'
```

The results are:

Verb | Num of Scripts
--- | ---:
create | 14
find | 8
fix | 9
get | 5
run | 7
sar | 5
test | 9

To maintain consitency with my scripts, I should use the verb, '`create`'.

## Noun or Noun Phrase

Suggestions for nouns or noun phrases are:

* `exam` is far too general. Could be confused with an application that runs an exam, rather than notes about an exam.
* `exam_wiki` is more specific and ties the concepts of _exam_ and _wiki_ together, but implies a complete artifact.
* `exam_wiki_shell` expands `exam_wiki` and emphasises an incomplete artifact.
* `exam_wiki_skel` also emphasises an incomplete artifact.
* `wiki` is also far too general. Could be confused with an entire Wiki, rather than a section of a Wiki.
* `wiki_shell` could also be mistaken for an incomplete Wiki artifact, rather than a section of a Wiki.
* `wiki_skel` has the same problems as `wiki_shell`
* `wiki_shell_for_exam` expresses a more complete purpose.
* `wiki_skel_for_exam` expresses a more complete purpose.

Since either noun, `exam` or `wiki`, is not specific enough, I will have to choose a noun phrase.

The choice for the noun phrase is between `wiki_shell_for_exam` and `wiki_skel_for_exam`. Although my usage of the nouns, `shell` and `skeleton`, appear to be synonyms, I need to focus on a more restrictive meaning.

The defition of [skeleton](https://www.dictionary.com/browse/skeleton) includes the following:

* a supporting framework, as of a leaf, building, or ship.
* an outline, as of a literary work:
  > _the skeleton of the plot._
* something reduced to its essential parts.

The definition of [shell](https://www.dictionary.com/browse/shell) includes the following:

* the framework, external structure, or walls and roof of a building:
  > _After the fire, only the shell of the school was left._

Based on the above definitions, the noun phrase, `wiki_skel_for_exam`, best expresses the purpose of the proposed script.

Can I remove the preposition, `for`, from the chosen noun phrase? This would leave `wiki_skel_exam`. I think this new noun phrase would imply an application. I will leave the preposition in.

## Chosen Script Name

The chosen script name is `create_wiki_skel_for_exam.py`.
