# 2024-03-06: Conversion of Wiki to Jekyll - TOC Fixed

## Summary

The conversion script, `scripts/convert_web_page.py`, now converts a multi-level table of contents (TOC) to YAML format. The Jekyll include file, `docs/_includes/table_of_contents.html`, only displays the top three (3) levels.

## Table of Contents

* [Issues](#issues)
  * [38: Converted 11G OCM Wiki Page Only Showing a Single Level TOC](#38-converted-11g-ocm-wiki-page-only-showing-a-single-level-toc)
  * [44: Missing Image File](#44-missing-image-file)
  * [47: Invalid Suffix for TOC Entries](#47-invalid-suffix-for-toc-entries)

## Issues

### 38: Converted 11G OCM Wiki Page Only Showing a Single Level TOC

Issue [38](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/38) (_Converted 11G OCM Wiki Page Only Showing a Single Level TOC_) has been resolved.

The conversion script, `scripts/convert_web_page.py`, has an auxiliary function, `extract_toc_level`, that recursively descends the TOC hierarchy. This auxiliary function accepts two (2) parameters: `toc_root` (the `OL` tag) and `toc_level` (how far have descended the hierarchy starting at level 1). The function returns a string that is appended to the `page_header` global variable.

There seems to be a Classic Google Sites coding convention of placing an `OL` tag within a `LI` tag, instead of them being siblings. That is, I would have expected a TOC hierarchy to be coded as:

```html
<ol>
    <li>TOC Entry level 1</li>
    <ol>
        <li>TOC Entry level 2</li>
    </ol>
</ol>
```

Instead the Classic Google Sites are coded as:

```html
<ol>
    <li>
        TOC Entry level 1
        <ol>
            <li>TOC Entry level 2</li>
        </ol>
    </li>
</ol>
```

I also added extra verbose logging to the conversion script for TOC extraction.

The Jekyll include file, `docs/_includes/table_of_contents.html`, only displays the top three (3) levels. Unfortunately, Liquid does not seem to support recursion, so I have to explicitly code each level. The deepest level of TOC encountered, so far, is three (3).

### 44: Missing Image File

Issue [44](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/44) (_Missing Image File_) has been resolved.

Conversion script, `scripts/convert_web_page.py`, has been updated to test for existence of file only if the URL is to be kept.

Web page, `docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-performance-management/11g-ocm-set-up-and- configure-resource-manager.html`, will not be converted at the closure of this issue as it has an uploaded file (which is being addressed in issue [44](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/44) (_Integrate Uploaded Files into Web Pages_)).

### 47: Invalid Suffix for TOC Entries

Issue [47](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/47) (_Invalid Suffix for TOC Entries_) was raised for the addition of unneeded `.html` suffixes in the TOC YAML code:

```yaml
table-of-contents:
- toc-url: References.html
  toc-text: References
```

The bug in the conversion script, `scripts/convert_web_page.py`, was resolved by checking for fragments in the URL to be normalised. That is, if there is an '#' in the URL, then the suffix, `.html`, is not appended to the URL.
