# 2024-05-16: Add EXAM Topics

## Summary

With the completion of the conversion of my Wiki to the Jekyll format, I have started studying for certifications again. To aid in this, I have created a utility to establish the requisite directories and skeleton pages.

## Table of Contents

* [Description of the Utility](#description-of-the-utility)
* [Major Design Issues](#major-design-issues)
  * [Choice of Programming Language](#choice-of-programming-language)
  * [Location of Program](#location-of-program)
  * [Format of Parameters File](#format-of-parameters-file)

## Description of the Utility

This utility will do the following:

* Read a parameter file containing:
  * Name of Exam
  * URL of Exam
  * Name of main anchor page (optional with default as the name of the exam)
* Create the main anchor page in the `docs/home` directory.
* Fill out the main anchor page as a table similar to that of [12C OCM](https://dfhawthorne.github.io/home/12c-ocm.html) with the `References` column removed.
* Create the directory structure and any intermediate sub-page anchor pages.

## Major Design Issues

There are several major design issues:

1. Choice of programming language
1. Location of program
1. Format of parameters file

### Choice of Programming Language

My top five (5) main programming languages, according to [my GitHub profile](https://github.com/dfhawthorne) are:

1. HTML
1. C
1. Python
1. Shell
1. TLA

HTML and TLA are not programming languages for text conversion and O/S path manipulation.

The overhead of coding in C is not worth it as the frequency is expected to be a few times a year, at most.

This leaves Python and Shell. I choose Python over Shell because Python allows for more flexibility in coding for complex parameter files. The `case` and pattern-matching in Bash is not as powerful as the equivalents in Python.

### Location of Program

I will locate the program with the `scripts` within this repository because the code is intimately related to the content and development history of this repository.

### Format of Parameters File

I want the parameters file to be simple as possible while being easy to decode after several months' absence. Based on the [functional requirements](#description-of-the-utility), my first parameters file layout is:

```text
exam_title='Oracle Cloud Infrastructure 2024 Certified Networking Professional'
exam_url='https://education.oracle.com/oracle-cloud-infrastructure-2024-networking-professional/pexam_1Z0-1124-24'
wiki_url='home/oci-2024-certified-networking-professional.html'
exam_topics="""
Design and Deploy OCI Virtual Cloud Networks (VCN)

    Examine VCN/Subnets characteristics
    Demonstrate an understanding of IPv4/IPv6 addressing
"""
```

The advantages of this simple format are that the parameter names are meaningful to me and follows Python syntax. Through the use of the `exec()` builtin function, the interpretation of these parameters is straightforward in a program. A naive implementation such as:

```python
with open('exam.dat') as f:
    b=f.read()
exec(b)
print(exam_topics)
```

returns:

```text

Design and Deploy OCI Virtual Cloud Networks (VCN)

    Examine VCN/Subnets characteristics
    Demonstrate an understanding of IPv4/IPv6 addressing

```
