# 2024-05-15: Conversion of Wiki to Jekyll - Expandable Navigation Bar

## Summary

The project, '__Conversion of Wiki to Jekyll__', is now deemed to be complete with the delivery of the expandable navigation bar feature.

## Table of Contents

* [Enhancements Not Implemented](#enhancements-not-implemented)
* [Navigation Bar](#navigation-bar)
* [Search Box](#search-box)
* [Default Layout](#default-layout)
* [CSS Layout](#css-layout)
* [Announcements](#announcements)

## Enhancements Not Implemented

The feature, '_Add individual keywords for each web page_', was not implemented as I thought the benefit gained was not worth the effort given the woeful performance of Google Search indexing my Wiki. Issue [#17](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/17) was closed as `wontfix`. As a consequence, release, `V2R9` was removed from the project schedule.

## Navigation Bar

The navigation bar is built through `docs/_includes/navigation.html` using the data from `docs/_data/navigation.yml`. This data is gathered by the script, `scripts/build_nav_data.py`, which was completely rewritten

The design decision was made to have only one (1) navigation bar. Thus, the class, `navigation`, was removed and the CSS was consolidation into the style for the `<nav>` tag.

I changed the variable names from:

Old Name | New Name
--- | ---
`page` | `nav-page-lev01`
`item` | `nav-page-lev02`
`sub_item` | `nav-page-lev03`

The following keys were removed from the source data:

* `name` as this is generally derived from the URL basename by removing the '`.html`' suffix. The exception is '`home`' which points to '`index.html`' as the resolution to issue [#16](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/16). This was discussed on [2024-04-25](2024-04-25.md).

All leaf nodes in the list hierarchy have the class of '`nav-leaf`'.

The menus are generated in the following order:

1. `home`
1. `announcements`
1. All other top-level entries which are assumed to be leaf nodes.

## Search Box

The search box, generated by `docs/_includes/search_box.html`, is now enclosed by the `<search></search>` tags which replaced the `<div><p></div></p>` tags.

## Default Layout

The class, `page-title`, was removed in favour of styling the `<h1>` tag directly.

## CSS Layout

The following classes were removed:

1. `navigation` to be replaced by styling for `nav-leaf` class and `nav ul` tag hierarchy.
1. `page-title` to be replaced by styling for the `h1` tag.
1. `search-box` to be replaced by styling for the `search` tag.

## Announcements

The announcement file names were changed to the ISO format in order to ease sorting. The titles remain the same.
