# 2024-05-18: Add EXAM Topics - Script Implementation

## Summary

I have started implementation of the script, `scripts/create_wiki_skel_for_exam.py`.

## Table of Contents

* [Design Decisions](#design-decisions)
  * [Script Early Termination](#script-early-termination)
  * [Depth of Skeleton](#depth-of-skeleton)
  * [Parameter Names](#parameter-names)
* [CSS Classes](#css-classes)

## Design Decisions

### Script Early Termination

The script will terminate early with an error if any page already exists. This may prove to be too harsh.

### Depth of Skeleton

The depth of the skeleton generated should be three (3):

1. Exam home page
1. Exam objectives
1. Exam topics

This hierarchy follows the general layout of objectives from the following Oracle exams:

1. [10G OCM](https://dfhawthorne.github.io/home/10g-ocm.html)
1. [11G OCM](https://dfhawthorne.github.io/home/11g-ocm.html)
1. [12C OCM](https://dfhawthorne.github.io/home/12c-ocm.html)

The exceptions are:

1. [11G OCE RAC](https://dfhawthorne.github.io/home/11g-oce-rac.html)
1. [12C OCP Upgrade](https://dfhawthorne.github.io/home/12c-ocp-upgrade.html)

These exceptions have four (4) levels:

1. Exam home page
1. Exam sections
1. Exam objectives
1. Exam topics

### Parameter Names

I refactored the names in the parameter file for clarification and added emphasis.

Original Name | Refactored Name | Comments
--- | --- | ---
`exam_title`  | | No change.
`exam_topics` | | No change.
`exam_url` | `ext_exam_url` | The addition of the `ext_` prefix emphasises that the URL referes to an external site.
`wiki_url` | `exam_home_url` | This clarifies the purpose of the URL.

## CSS Classes

Instead of explicitly coding styles for the cells, I have added the following CSS classes for exam knowledge ratings:

Class Name | Background Colour | Content
--- | --- | ---
`exam-rating-1` | Red | `1`
`exam-rating-2` | Orange | `2`
`exam-rating-3` | Yellow | `3`
`exam-rating-4` | Green | `4`
`exam-rating-5` | Blue | `5`

Although I could think of text for ratings of one (1) and five (5): 'poor' and 'good'. I could not think of appropriate text for the other three (3) ratings.
