# 2024-03-23: Conversion of Wiki to Jekyll - V2R3 Released

## Summary

All pages in _12C OCP Upgrade Exam_ have been converted except three (3) pages that were copied from the New Google Sites version of my Wiki.

## Table of Contents

* [Project Schedule](#project-schedule)
* [Issues](#issues)
  * [51: Conversion of 12C OCP Upgrade Wiki pages to Jekyll format](#51-conversion-of-12c-ocp-upgrade-wiki-pages-to-jekyll-format)
  * [64: Sub-Menu Link Incorrect](#64-sub-menu-link-incorrect)
  * [65: Missing Page](#65-missing-page)

## Project Schedule

I added an extra milestone, [`V2R8`](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/milestone/12), that encompasses enhancements that can wait until the conversions are completed.

## Issues

### 51: Conversion of 12C OCP Upgrade Wiki pages to Jekyll format

Most of the pages in Section 1 of the _12C OCP Upgrade Exam_ were converted. However, the following three (3) issues were found

1. There was a link that referenced `/12-ocm/` instead of `12c-ocm`. This was fixed manually.
1. [64: Sub-Menu Link Incorrect](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/64)
1. [65: Missing Page](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/65)

The latter two (2) were caused by a bug introduced by commit [2ea7fd0](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/commit/2ea7fd0a90bae8b381b0fd4b6cfe05c044b39228).

All pages in Section 2 have been successfully converted. Only three (3) New Google Sites versions remain unconverted. Issue has been closed.

### 64: Sub-Menu Link Incorrect

This issue ([#64](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/64)) was fixed by issue [#65](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/65).

### 65: Missing Page

For issue [#65](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/65) occurs because sub-menu pages mistake sub-pages as unreferenced auxiliary files.

There are three (3) missing pages issues:

1. Bug that deletes sub-pages (described in previous entry)
2. Link to sub-page is a full URL as described in issue description
3. Incorrect links in sub-pages menu

For the third issue, the sub-page entries should be changed as follows:

1. `diagnose-performance-issues-.html` to `diagnose-performance-issues-using-ash-enhancements.html`
1. `perform-emergency-monitoring.html` to `perform-emergency-monitoring-and-real-time-addm.html`

The first bug is fixed by updating the conversion script, `scripts/convert_web_page.py`, to only delete auxiliary files if there are entries in the file download widget.

The second bug is fixed by updating the conversion script, `scripts/convert_web_page.py`, to normalise the URL in the sub-pages menu entry.

The third bug is fixed by manually updating the affected page, `emergency-monitoring-real-time-addm-compare-period-addm-and-active-session-history-ash-analytics.html`.
