# 2024-03-07: Conversion of Wiki to Jekyll - Integrated Uploaded Files

## Summary

I managed to successfully integrate uploaded files into a web page.

## Table of Contents

* [Issues](#issues)
  * [13: Add Search Function using Google](#13-add-search-function-using-google)
  * [45: Integrate Uploaded Files into Web Pages](#45-integrate-uploaded-files-into-web-pages)

## Issues

### 13: Add Search Function using Google

I found that [DuckDuckGo](duckduckgo.com) has managed my GitHub Pages site without any difficulty while Google Search is struggling my small site. I will add the search function using [DuckDuckGo](duckduckgo.com) instead of Google Search.

### 45: Integrate Uploaded Files into Web Pages

Issue [45](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/45) (_Integrate Uploaded Files into Web Pages_) was resolved with the successful conversion of `docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-performance-management/11g-ocm-set-up-and-configure-resource-manager.html`.

The widget for the uploaded files is a `DIV` tag with an ID of `sites-attachments-container`. Within that widget, there are two (2) elements of interest:

1. `DIV` tags with a class of `sites-attachments-name` which an `A` tag that encloses the uploaded file name.
1. `A` tags with an attribute of `aria-label` whose value is 'Download ' appended with the uploaded file name. The value of the `HREF` attribute is the name of the file on disk that be downloaded.

Both of these files are in the directory that is the name of the web page with the `.html` suffix removed. This directory is sibling to the web page being converted. The download file name is the actual name, while the upload file name is the logical name. This allows Classic Google Sites to maintain different versions of the same file. I am going to keep the latest version.

The file that is designated as the download (#2 above) needs to be renamed to the file was uploaded (#1 above). This is done bu the `git mv` command.

Once I have the list of uploaded files, I scan the main content for all text including the name of the uploaded file. All strings that have been located are stored in a list. If I do a wrapping of the text while scanning, I end up in an infinite loop as the new tag matches the search. Once the list is complete, I wrap all text occurrences in an `A` tag which points to the uploaded file.

At the end of the conversion, I run all of the stacked GIT commands to rename the files as required.
