# 2024-05-07: Conversion of Wiki to Jekyll - Consolidation of Styles for Preformatted Text

## Summary

The major work was to manually update ninety (90) pages that had `PRE` tags with `STYLE` attributes and convert them to use `CLASS` attribute instead.

## Table of Contents

* [Issues](#issues)
  * [7: Utility to rebuild sub-pages](#7-utility-to-rebuild-sub-pages)
  * [63: Standard Classes for PRE Tags](#63-standard-classes-for-pre-tags)
    * [PRE Style Classes](#pre-style-classes)
    * [Script](#script)
  * [88: CRONULLA System Build Journal - Mismatch between title and file names](#88-cronulla-system-build-journal---mismatch-between-title-and-file-names)

## Issues

### 7: Utility to rebuild sub-pages

I wrote a script, called `scripts/rebuild_subpages_menu.py`, which:

1. Constructs a single level sub-pages menu in YAML format
1. Compares this new contruction with any existing YAML, and only replaces the existing YAML if there is a diffeence.

### 63: Standard Classes for PRE Tags

### PRE Style Classes

New style classes for `PRE` tags are now:

Class Name | Text Colour | Background Colour | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
`bash-cmd` | default | `rgba(144, 238, 144, 0.516)` | Used for BASH commands
`rman-cmd` | default | `palegoldenrod` | Used for RMAN commands
`sample-error-msg` | `red` | default | Used for sample error messages
`sample-text` | default | `lightgrey` | Used for output for an example
`sql-cmd` | default | `#ddf87c89` | Used for SQL commands
`text` | default | `#cbe7f67c` | Used for output from BASH, RMAN, and SQL commands. Also used for terminal logs intermingling commands and output.

### Script

I wrote a script called `scripts/fix_issue_63.sh` which lists all files that have `PRE` with the `STYLE` attribute. This script was originally envisioned to be the driver for the automatic conversion of `PRE` tags to use classes.

However, the inconsistent use of styles prevented the automatic conversion.

### 88: CRONULLA System Build Journal - Mismatch between title and file names

Because the dates in the titles were not in the same order as the sequence number from the file names, I updated the titles to match the sequence numbers.
