# 2024-03-05: Conversion of Wiki to Jekyll - Issues During 11G OCM Conversion

## Summary

I cleaned up several issues detected during conversion of 11G OCM Wiki pages.

## Table of Contents

* [Issues](#issues)
  * [40: Link is javascript:void(0)](#40-link-is-javascriptvoid0)
  * [42: Incorrect Journal Link Found](#42-incorrect-journal-link-found)
  * [44: Missing Image File](#44-missing-image-file)
  * [45: Integrate Uploaded Files into Web Pages](#45-integrate-uploaded-files-into-web-pages)
  * [46: Extra Files were not Deleted During Conversion](#46-extra-files-were-not-deleted-during-conversion)
* [Enhancements to Conversion Script](#enhancements-to-conversion-script)

## Issues

### 40: Link is javascript:void(0)

Since the link text in issue [40](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/40) says "Using Raw Logical Volumes on Linux", there are three (3) possible links:

1. A link inside my Wiki
1. An external web-site
1. My Oracle Support note

There is no other occurrence of the link text in my Wiki. There is no exact match for the phrase from Google Search. The closest match from My Oracle Support is [Setting up ASM on linux with LVM (Doc ID 292348.1)](https://support.oracle.com/epmos/faces/DocContentDisplay?id=292348.1).

`docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-system-builds/bankstown/01-creation-with-asm-storage.html` updated with the My Oracle Support link. Issue closed.

Verified that there are no other converted web pages with `javascript` in their links as follows:

```bash
find_converted_web_pages.sh | \
    xargs -n1 grep -li javascript | \
    wc -l
```

### 42: Incorrect Journal Link Found

Journal scroll links were corrected and added in the following web pages:

* `docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-system-builds/data-guard/01-copy-wallet-to-padstow.html`
* `docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-system-builds/data-guard/02-set-up-flashback-on-bankstown.html`
* `docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-system-builds/data-guard/03-create-physical-standby-on-padstow.html`

Issue [42](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/42) has been closed.

### 44: Missing Image File

During a trial conversion of `docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-performance-management/11g-ocm-set-up-and-configure-resource-manager.html`, it was reported that the file, `docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-performance-management/GC.png.html`, was missing. Issue [44](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/44) was raised.

As descibed in the [comment](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/36#issuecomment-1976522337) in issue #[36](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/36), this file was removed because I could not find any references to it. Yet the text exists.

### 45: Integrate Uploaded Files into Web Pages

Issue [45](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/45) was raised for the following uploaded reports that were found in the `docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-performance-management/11g-ocm-replay-a-captured-workload` directory:

* `workload_report_1329872485962.html?attredirects=0&d=1.html`
* `workload_report_1329885258683.html?attredirects=0&d=1.html`

### 46: Extra Files were not Deleted During Conversion

Issue [46](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/46) was raised for the following extra files that were found in the `docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-performance-management/11g-ocm-replay-a-captured-workload` directory:

```text
review_capture_workload.png?attredirects=0
review_preprocess_workload.png?attredirects=0
review_replay_workload.png?attredirects=0
```

These files should have been deleted automatically by the conversion script, `scripts/convert_web_page.py`. I deleted these files manually.

I found an unconverted web page, `docs/home/11g-ocm/11g-ocm-performance-management/11g-ocm-set-up-and-configure-resource-manager.html`, that has uploaded files.

Test conversions of this web page found the bug to the addition of the `.html` suffix during URL normalisation. I have now added a condition to skip this for URLs ending with `attredirects=0`.

Issue [46](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/46) has been resolved.

## Enhancements to Conversion Script

I made the following enhancements to the conversion script, `scripts/convert_web_page.py`:

1. Error messages are now written to `STDERR` instead of `STDOUT`. This stops intermingling of Jekyll output with error messages.
1. Abort conversion if a link with a scheme of `javascript` is found. This is to detect new occurrences of issue [40](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/dfhawthorne.github.io/issues/40).
1. No duplicate tags in the `tags_to_be_deleted` list.
1. Skip addition of suffix, `.html`, to URLs that end with `attredirects=0` (See [46: Extra Files were not Deleted During Conversion](#46-extra-files-were-not-deleted-during-conversion) above.)
