# 2024-02-06: Conversion of Wiki to Jekyll - New Google Sites Pages

## Summary

I continue to manually convert the New Google Sites pages.

## Table of Contents

* [Conversion Issues](#conversion-issues)
  * [BASE for URLs](#base-for-urls)
* [Footer Updated](#footer-updated)
* [Pages Converted](#pages-converted)

## Conversion Issues

The following issues were discovered during conversion:

1. Cannot have a colon (':') in a YAML value. I replaced these with a dash ('-').
1. Decided on use of base for HTML addresses. This means more complication on URL construction
1. Selected Creative Commons licensing for the Wiki.

### BASE for URLs

I have re-introduced the `base` tag for resolving URLs. This required the following addition to `head.html`:

```html
{% if jekyll.environment == "development" -%}
    <base href="http://127.0.0.1:4000/">
{%- endif %}
{% if jekyll.environment == "production" -%}
    <base href="https://dfhawthorne.github.io/">
{%- endif %}
```

Thus I need an extra YAML variable, called `base-url`, which the address of the page relative to the base.

The code in `docs/_includes/table_of_contents.html` is updated to generate the correct URLs. The guard condition for this condition includes the presence of the `base-url` variable in the YAML.

The code in `scripts/convert_web_page.py` just copies the path name into the `base-url` variable.

__Potential Bug__: If the script, `scripts/convert_web_page.py`, is not run the `docs` directory, the value put into the `base-url` variable will be incorrect.

The navigation data in `docs/_data/navigation.yml` has been updated to match in `base`. The script, `scripts/build_nav_data.py`, needs to be updated to match this change.

## Footer Updated

I have decided to license my under Creative Commons as [CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/?ref=chooser-v1).

The copyright notice and licence have been added to the footer (via `docs/_includes/footer.html`) of all web pages in my Wiki.

## Pages Converted

The following pages have been converted using `scripts/convert_web_page.py`:

1. `home/issues.html`
1. `home/issues/cloud-control-issues/cloud-control-not-starting-automatically-in-ovm_em12r2.html`

The following pages have been manually converted:

1. `docs/home/12c-ocp-upgrade/section-1-new-features-of-oracle-database-12c/emergency-monitoring-real-time-addm-compare-period-addm-and-active-session-history-ash-analytics/generate-addm-compare-period.html`
